Redis integration (#48)
maffettone/erobs: src/aruco_pose/README.md

## Median estimation
Median pose estimation is a multi-value estimation, where it estimates the median of the 6 DoF pose returned by the camera. 

For each DoF, it maintains a moving window of size 10 (can be changed via the parameter `number_of_observations` ) to calculate the median. When the detection rate is 5Hz and upon moving the sample or the detected object to a new pose, it takes a minimum of 1.2 seconds to return the correct pose for the updated pose. As a good practice, it is better to wait for the whole 2 seconds. 

# Connection to the Redis DB

Redis is used to store the aruco tag ID and real-world sample information. At present, each entry has four properties. They are:

> - id  -> tag ID of the printed tag from AruCo marker library
> - family  -> dictionary of tag used [DICT_APRILTAG_36h11, DICT_6X6_250, etc... ]
> - size  -> physical size of the marker
> - sample_names  -> unique name to identify the sample used with the tag

Reviewer: I like the notion here of including examples, we should also be careful with language. 

```suggestion
- id: integer tag ID of the printed tag from AruCo marker library
  - e.g., 0
- family: string key of AruCo tag type used 
  - e.g., 'DICT_APRILTAG_36h11', 'DICT_6X6_250'
- size  -> physical size of the marker in meters
  - e.g., 0.02665
- sample_names  -> unique string name to identify the sample used with the tag
  - e.g., 'sample_1', 'guid:dkfb6lsm228mjd'
```

Run the Redis container with the following command (make sure to have the correct binding for the local storage):
```bash 

> podman run --name redis-container --network host -d -v /home/wfernando1/Documents/Environments/Workspaces/redis/data/:/data -p 6379:6379 redis

Reviewer: Do we need to mount a volume? If so, we should specify that this is for persistence.

Author: An example of a named volume is added.
https://github.com/maffettone/erobs/blob/281d3dfdb27f2387ff8b83695a9f3b0b94f6624b/src/aruco_pose/README.md?plain=1#L62-L70

```

## Insert new entires

Run the following if the command line interface is needed:

```bash
podman exec -it redis-container redis-cli
```

New records can be inserted into the redis server with the following command. Note the below example assumes that each entry has four attributes: id, family, size, and sample_name.

```bash
HSET tag:1 id 0 family "DICT_APRILTAG_36h11" size 0.02665 sample_name sample_1

> ```

Reviewer: Can we also add a python example?

Author: Python example is added. https://github.com/maffettone/erobs/blob/281d3dfdb27f2387ff8b83695a9f3b0b94f6624b/src/aruco_pose/README.md?plain=1#L85-L90
